
	   Oogue -- Object Oriented Great Underground Empire

			       * * * * *


Installation:
You will need Python 3 to play this game.
  http://www.python.org/

If you want to try the graphical interface, you will also need wx.
  http://www.wxwidgets.org/downloads/

Running The Game: The panel.py (requires wx) script is the stand-alone
graphical user interface to the game.  It doesn't work as well as I
would like, but it does work.  There are no saved games yet, so you
always start at the beginning and play until you stop playing or it
crashes.  If you look in panel.py you will see two lines commented out
for player2.  If you uncomment those, then you can have two adventurers
in the same game!  This is the root of the problem with the panel, it
uses a dialog for each player because I haven't quite figured out how to
let the wx.App.MainLoop() drive the player interactions.

This game was written in Python 2, and it is still unknown how
successful the quick conversion to Python 3 has been.

You can run panel.py with --debug to get a "pdb" button and see your
current location.

If you play text mode use a big terminal window, and the number of each
action is the number to press to perform the action.  Cardinal
abbreviations (n,s,e,w,u,d,ne,nw,se,sw) also work.

Currently the most difficult objective in the game is to acquire enough
gold to use one of the "good" prostitutes.  The cheap one can be had for
as little as a single copper coin, and you can just find those laying
around if you are lucky.  Actually, you could find silver and gold just
laying around too, but the chances are so miniscule that I shouldn't
have mentioned it.  Your best bet to earn the cash you need is to rob
the bank.  I'd suggest that you use the bank-robbing practice area to
practive before you try to rob the bank.  There is a lot of walking
involved if you fail on your attempts.

The Great Underground Empire is a premise of the game ZORK, one of my
childhood favorite games.  ADVEN, on a DEC, was actually the first
computer game I played, way back in the 1970s.  ASYLUM was also a
popular game.  By the mid 80s I was interested in TELENGARD, ROGUE,
LARN, Omega, HACK, Nethack, and Moria.  Back then I had to acquire Moria
on floppy disks mailed to California with a SASE.  And C-compilers were
hard to come by on home computers.  Actually, home computers were still
hard to come by.  I should also give mention to Temple Of Apshai.  That
game looked amazing, but I had a TRS-80, not an Apple ][, and none of my
friends who had Temple Of Apshai would ever stop playing to let me play.
I learned decades later that Temple of Apshai was also available for the
TRS-80, but I didn't know that back then.  Long story short: OO means
Object Oriented, so Oogue is Object Oriented Great Underground Empire.
It's a nice coincidence that Oogue is quite close to Rogue.

Version x1 appears to date back to May of 2007.  At the time, it was
called x, not oogue, and was entirely web based.  I had learned Python
in December of 2006 when I started a new job, and this was an outgrowth
of that because writing games in Python seemed much easier than what I
had been doing, which was writing them in C.
